The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because they feared violence.
The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because they advocated violence.
The trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because it is too large.
The trophy doesn't fit into the brown suitcase because it is too small.
Joan made sure to thank Susan for all the help she had recieved.
Joan made sure to thank Susan for all the help she had given.
Paul tried to call George on the phone, but he wasn't successful.
Paul tried to call George on the phone, but he wasn't available.
The lawyer asked the witness a question, but he was reluctant to repeat it.
The lawyer asked the witness a question, but he was reluctant to answer it.
The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because it was going so fast.   
The delivery truck zoomed by the school bus because it was going so slow.
Frank felt vindicated when his longtime rival Bill revealed that he was the winner of the competition.
Frank felt crushed when his longtime rival Bill revealed that he was the winner of the competition.
The man couldn't lift his son because he was so weak.
The man couldn't lift his son because he was so heavy.
The large ball crashed right through the table because it was made of steel.
The large ball crashed right through the table because it was made of styrofoam.
John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because he is so short.
John couldn't see the stage with Billy in front of him because he is so tall.
Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after he reached the top of the stairs.
Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after he reached the bottom of the stairs.
Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because she had such a good start.
Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because she had such a bad start.
The sculpture rolled off the shelf because it wasn't anchored.
The sculpture rolled off the shelf because it wasn't level.
Sam's drawing was hung just above Tina's and it did look much better with another one below it.
Sam's drawing was hung just above Tina's and it did look much better with another one above it.
Anna did a lot better than her good friend Lucy on the test because she had studied so hard.
Anna did a lot worse than her good friend Lucy on the test because she had studied so hard.
The firemen arrived after the police because they were coming from so far away.
The firemen arrived before the police because they were coming from so far away.
Frank was upset with Tom because the toaster he had bought from him didn't work.
Frank was upset with Tom because the toaster he had sold him didn't work.
Jim yelled at Kevin because he was so upset.
Jim comforted Kevin because he was so upset.
The sack of potatoes had been placed above the bag of flour, so it had to be moved first.
The sack of potatoes had been placed below the bag of flour, so it had to be moved first.
Pete envies Martin although he is very successful.
Pete envies Martin because he is very successful.
The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we punished them.
The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we rescued them.
I poured water from the bottle into the cup until it was empty.
I poured water from the bottle into the cup until it was full.
Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because she is nosy.
Susan knows all about Ann's personal problems because she is indiscreet.
Sid explained his theory to Mark but he couldn't convince him.
Sid explained his theory to Mark but he couldn't understand him.
Susan knew that Ann's son had been in a car accident, so she told her about it.
Susan knew that Ann's son had been in a car accident, because she told her about it.
Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though he is 30 years younger.
Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though he is 30 years older.
The painting in Mark's living room shows an oak tree. It is to the right of the bookcase.
The painting in Mark's living room shows an oak tree. It is to the right of a house.
There is a gap in the wall. You can see the garden through it.
There is a gap in the wall. You can see the garden behind it.
The drain is clogged with hair. It has to be cleaned.
The drain is clogged with hair. It has to be removed.
My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, it was short, so it worked out.
My meeting started at 4:00 and I needed to catch the train at 4:30, so there wasn't much time. Luckily, it was delayed, so it worked out.
There is a pillar between me and the stage, and I can't see around it.
There is a pillar between me and the stage, and I can't see it.
They broadcast an announcement, but a subway came into the station and I couldn't hear it.
They broadcast an announcement, but a subway came into the station and I couldn't hear over it.
In the middle of the outdoor concert, the rain started falling, but it continued until 10.
In the middle of the outdoor concert, the rain started falling, and it continued until 10.
I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put it in the trash.
I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put it in the drawer.
Ann asked Mary what time the library closes, because she had forgotten.
Ann asked Mary what time the library closes, but she had forgotten.
I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that it would be handy.
I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that it would be lighter.
I couldn't put the pot on the shelf because it was too tall.
I couldn't put the pot on the shelf because it was too high.
I'm sure that my map will show this building; it is very good.
I'm sure that my map will show this building; it is very famous.
Bob paid for Charlie's college education. He is very generous.
Bob paid for Charlie's college education. He is very grateful.
Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. He is very hurt.
Bob paid for Charlie's college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. He is very ungrateful.
Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, he would have won.
Bob was playing cards with Adam and was way ahead. If Adam hadn't had a sudden run of good luck, he would have lost.
Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, he would be gone by this time.
Adam can't leave work here until Bob arrives to replace him. If Bob had left home for work on time, he would be here by this time.
If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, he would have gotten a lot of money.
If the con artist has succeeded in fooling Sam, he would have lost a lot of money.
It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because it was hot.
It was a summer afternoon, and the dog was sitting in the middle of the lawn. After a while, it got up and moved to a spot under the tree, because it was cooler.
The cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but it was too impatient.
The cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but it was too cautious.
Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. She is a very charming woman.
Anne gave birth to a daughter last month. She is a very charming baby.
Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from chatting at the party, leaving us to wonder why she was behaving so strangely.
Alice tried frantically to stop her daughter from barking at the party, leaving us to wonder why she was behaving so strangely.
I saw Jim yelling at some guy in a military uniform with a huge red beard. I don't know why he was, but he looked very unhappy.
I saw Jim yelling at some guy in a military uniform with a huge red beard. I don't know who he was, but he looked very unhappy.
The fish ate the worm. It was hungry.
The fish ate the worm. It was tasty.
I was trying to open the lock with the key, but someone had filled the keyhole with chewing gum, and I couldn't get it in.
I was trying to open the lock with the key, but someone had filled the keyhole with chewing gum, and I couldn't get it out.
The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. It waited at the bottom.
The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. It waited at the top.
In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get it removed.
In the storm, the tree fell down and crashed through the roof of my house. Now, I have to get it repaired.
The customer walked into the bank and stabbed one of the tellers. He was immediately taken to the police station.
The customer walked into the bank and stabbed one of the tellers. He was immediately taken to the hospital.
John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. He was very annoyed.
John was doing research in the library when he heard a man humming and whistling. He was very annoying.
John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. He was very impressed.
John was jogging through the park when he saw a man juggling watermelons. He was very impressive.
Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. He was very ill.
Bob collapsed on the sidewalk. Soon he saw Carl coming to help. He was very concerned.
Sam and Amy are passionately in love, but Amy's parents are unhappy about it, because they are fifteen.
Sam and Amy are passionately in love, but Amy's parents are unhappy about it, because they are snobs.
Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. He should have been more truthful.
Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. He should have been more skeptical.
Joe has sold his house and bought a new one a few miles away. He will be moving out of it on Thursday.
Joe has sold his house and bought a new one a few miles away. He will be moving into it on Thursday.
Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. They are gripped because Paul writes so well.
Many people start to read Paul's books and can't put them down. They are popular because Paul writes so well.
Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has had it since she was a child.
Mary took out her flute and played one of her favorite pieces. She has loved it since she was a child.
Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but it was broken, so he had to stand instead.
Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but it was broken, so he had to sing instead.
Since it was raining, I carried the newspaper in my backpack to keep it dry.
Since it was raining, I carried the newspaper over my backpack to keep it dry.
Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She reads it when she gets home from work.
Sara borrowed the book from the library because she needs it for an article she is working on. She writes it when she gets home from work.
This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the tide knocked it down.
This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the wind knocked it down.
Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. She was disappointed.
Jane knocked on Susan's door, but there was no answer. She was out.
Jane knocked on the door, and Susan answered it. She invited her to come out.
Jane knocked on the door, and Susan answered it. She invited her to come in.
Sam took French classes from Adam, because he was eager to speak it fluently.
Sam took French classes from Adam, because he was known to speak it fluently.
The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't use it.
The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't reach it.
The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, it was out.
The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, it was gone.
We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so it was a safer place to swim.
We went to the lake, because a shark had been seen at the ocean beach, so it was a dangerous place to swim.
Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but they ended up looking more like golfers.
Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but they ended up looking more like dogs.
Mary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that she could work.
Mary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that she could sleep.
Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but they were not prepared for the cold in Alaska.
Fred and Alice had very warm down coats, but they were not enough for the cold in Alaska.
Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date he had been travelling for five years.
Thomson visited Cooper's grave in 1765. At that date he had been dead for five years.
Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though he lived two centuries later.
Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though he lived two centuries earlier.
I can't cut that tree down with that axe; it is too thick.
I can't cut that tree down with that axe; it is too small.
The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to kill them.
The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. I shall have to guard them.
The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. They have gotten very bold.
The foxes are getting in at night and attacking the chickens. They have gotten very nervous.
Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He opened them when the wind stopped.
Fred covered his eyes with his hands, because the wind was blowing sand around. He lowered them when the wind stopped.
The actress used to be named Terpsichore, but she changed it to Tina a few years ago, because she figured it was too hard to pronounce.
The actress used to be named Terpsichore, but she changed it to Tina a few years ago, because she figured it was easier to pronounce.
Fred watched TV while George went out to buy groceries. After an hour he got up.
Fred watched TV while George went out to buy groceries. After an hour he got back.
Fred was supposed to run the dishwasher, but he put it off, because he wanted to watch TV. But the show turned out to be boring, so he changed his mind and turned it on.
Fred was supposed to run the dishwasher, but he put it off, because he wanted to watch TV. But the show turned out to be boring, so he changed his mind and turned it off.
Fred is the only man still alive who remembers my great-grandfather. He is a remarkable man.
Fred is the only man still alive who remembers my great-grandfather. He was a remarkable man.
Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, he was twelve years old.
Fred is the only man alive who still remembers my father as an infant. When Fred first saw my father, he was twelve months old.
In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, they were defeated within weeks.
In July, Kamtchatka declared war on Yakutsk. Since Yakutsk's army was much better equipped and ten times larger, they were victorious within weeks.
Look! There is a minnow swimming right below that duck! It had better get away to safety fast!
Look! There is a shark swimming right below that duck! It had better get away to safety fast!
Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. They hunted for evidence on the river banks.
Archaeologists have concluded that humans lived in Laputa 20,000 years ago. They hunted for deer on the river banks.
The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. They began two years ago.
The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. They appeared two years ago.
The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. They were very persistent, so the interview lasted for a long time.
The journalists interviewed the stars of the new movie. They were very cooperative, so the interview lasted for a long time.
The police arrested all of the gang members. They were trying to stop the drug trade in the neighborhood.
The police arrested all of the gang members. They were trying to run the drug trade in the neighborhood.
I put the cake away in the refrigerator. It has a lot of butter in it.
I put the cake away in the refrigerator. It has a lot of leftovers in it.
Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now they should be better.
Sam broke both his ankles and he's walking with crutches. But a month or so from now they should be unnecessary.
When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. They were very much in the minority.
When the sponsors of the bill got to the town hall, they were surprised to find that the room was full of opponents. They were very much in the majority.
Everyone really loved the oatmeal cookies; only a few people liked the chocolate chip cookies. Next time, we should make more of them.
Everyone really loved the oatmeal cookies; only a few people liked the chocolate chip cookies. Next time, we should make fewer of them.
We had hoped to place copies of our newsletter on all the chairs in the auditorium, but there were simply not enough of them.
We had hoped to place copies of our newsletter on all the chairs in the auditorium, but there were simply too many of them.
I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, it left a hole.
I stuck a pin through a carrot. When I pulled the pin out, it had a hole.
I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because it got full of coffee.
I couldn't find a spoon, so I tried using a pen to stir my coffee. But that turned out to be a bad idea, because it got full of ink.
Steve follows Fred's example in everything. He admires him hugely.
Steve follows Fred's example in everything. He influences him hugely.
The table won't fit through the doorway because it is too wide.
The table won't fit through the doorway because it is too narrow.
Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks it looks dowdy on her.
Grace was happy to trade me her sweater for my jacket. She thinks it looks great on her.
John hired Bill to take care of him.
John hired himself out to Bill to take care of him.
John promised Bill to leave, so an hour later he left.
John ordered Bill to leave, so an hour later he left.
Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties he faced in his research.
Sam Goodman's biography of the Spartan general Xenophanes conveys a vivid sense of the difficulties he faced in his childhood.
Emma's mother had died long ago, and her education had been managed by an excellent woman as governess.
Emma's mother had died long ago, and her place had been taken by an excellent woman as governess.
Jane knocked on Susan's door but she did not get an answer.
Jane knocked on Susan's door but she did not answer.
Joe paid the detective after he received the final report on the case.
Joe paid the detective after he delivered the final report on the case.
Beth didn't get angry with Sally, who had cut her off, because she stopped and counted to ten.
Beth didn't get angry with Sally, who had cut her off, because she stopped and apologized.
Jim signaled the barman and gestured toward his empty glass
Jim signaled the barman and gestured toward his bathroom key.
Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because his "Dibs!" was slow.
Dan took the rear seat while Bill claimed the front because his "Dibs!" was quicker.
Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he moved his bishop.
Tom said "Check" to Ralph as he took his bishop.
As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, she could see the landing strip.
As Andrea in the crop duster passed over Susan, she could see the landing gear.
Tom gave Ralph a lift to school so he wouldn't have to drive alone.
Tom gave Ralph a lift to school so he wouldn't have to walk.
Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because he was full.
Bill passed the half-empty plate to John because he was hungry.
Bill passed the gameboy to John because his turn was over.
Bill passed the gameboy to John because his turn was next.
The man lifted the boy onto his shoulders.
The man lifted the boy onto his bunk bed.
Stretching her back, the woman smiled at the girl.
Patting her back, the woman smiled at the girl.
Billy cried because Toby wouldn't accept his toy.
Billy cried because Toby wouldn't share his toy.
Lily spoke to Donna, breaking her silence.
Lily spoke to Donna, breaking her concentration.
When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave him a sympathetic look.
When Tommy dropped his ice cream, Timmy giggled, so father gave him a stern look. 
As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, his legs ached.
As Ollie carried Tommy up the long winding steps, his legs dangled.
The father carried the sleeping boy in his arms
The father carried the sleeping boy in his bassinet.
The woman held the girl against her chest
The woman held the girl against her will.
Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. They were furious about it.
Pam's parents came home and found her having sex with her boyfriend, Paul. They were embarrassed about it.
Dr. Adams informed Kate that she had retired and presented several options for future treatment.
Dr. Adams informed Kate that she had cancer and presented several options for future treatment.
Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. He is very compassionate.
Dan had to stop Bill from toying with the injured bird. He is very cruel.
George got free tickets to the play, but he gave them to Eric, even though he was particularly eager to see it.
George got free tickets to the play, but he gave them to Eric, because he was particularly eager to see it.
George got free tickets to the play, but he gave them to Eric, because he was not particularly eager to see it.
Jane gave Joan candy because she wasn't hungry.
Jane gave Joan candy because she was hungry.
I tried to paint a picture of an orchard, with lemons in the lemon trees, but they came out looking more like light bulbs.
I tried to paint a picture of an orchard, with lemons in the lemon trees, but they came out looking more like telephone poles.
James asked Robert for a favor but he was refused.
James asked Robert for a favor but he refused.
Kirilov ceded the presidency to Shatov because he was less popular.
Kirilov ceded the presidency to Shatov because he was more popular.
Emma did not pass the ball to Janie although she saw that she was open.
Emma did not pass the ball to Janie although she was open.
I put the butterfly wing on the table and it broke.
I put the heavy book on the table and it broke.
Madonna fired her trainer because she couldn't stand her boyfriend.
Madonna fired her trainer because she slept with her boyfriend.
Madonna fired her trainer because she slept with her boyfriend.
Madonna fired her trainer because she couldn't stand her boyfriend.
Carol believed that Rebecca suspected that she had stolen the watch.
Carol believed that Rebecca regretted that she had stolen the watch.

